hey guys grown right here today I'm
showing you how I make my brown seats a
frowsy text effect our logo effect which
a lot of people been asking for so we
use the arrow logo and I've already got
it settled beard of my material on and
here's my object and so once you've got
your object ready know your yeah
materials on you could have probably
want to walk pot and under material so
that when the the text is cracked the
color that you can see in the cracks so
Pokemon a a black for that really little
bit better it gives it a better effect
or even a white yeah I think I'll use
light so you just drag them onto here
then put them behind the orange one or
whatever color you're using so then you
want to find your extrude NURBS all your
text which ever you've got get all the
layers selected so press the first one
press shift and press the last one it
selects them all then you're going to
want to go to plugins browser and i
usually do 25 or 30 depends but two down
these 25 and press break now and as you
can see it starts do a to break it into
pieces i think because there's three
objects it just 25 pieces per object so
the odds gonna have 25 pieces on it is
going on 25 feet sunny DS when i'm 25
pieces on it shouldn't say able too long
to render now
usually stops in ninety-nine percent
right okay so once it stops you'll be
able to sell because it will tell you
the time and also over like this so I
just want to press X on the frozen
window and if you click off it now you
can see that you've got some like
crumble the fact way you can see the the
lines already before you've even done
anything that looks pretty nice if you
don't want to have it smashed but you
want to put like a kind of texture on it
but so yeah that if you only want a nice
texture on you should stop watching the
tutorial now and vendor it out like that
but if you want smash then we can
continue right and you can see the
timeline at the bottom here now you've
got your play button there now what
happens when you press plate smashes but
it also drops at the same time so you
don't want to smash it too much because
otherwise you'll lose the effects if you
light room so if I was your press play
and then stop at one frame or even two
frames or free fames depending on how
smash you on it that's free phone dreams
yeah I don't you'll see no guys who
isn't as many white lines in it isn't
shown here usually the black but there
are some white ones for like here this
will probably be white because it's
quite a big one maybe even there as well
and then by the rendering that but so
yeah I usually stop up one if you don't
like it though and you want to go back
you just drag it backwards to zero and
it'll stop all right there's another
method you can do now to stop it from
smashing so much now you take you three
objects when you don't know create an
extrude NURBS by going off to this cube
inside cube thing hold it and go over to
extrude NURBS and let let go so then now
you want it you've got this miss extrude
NURBS so now you click your objects like
you did before first one and shift last
one and then drag them until it shows a
little down our down arrow on to the
extrude NURBS and then let go
can see now they've been grouped into
the extrude NURBS so the next thing you
want to do is gone mograph effector
random and that will create a random
effects so you to drop that in now above
everything else like but still in the
groups or the top thing in the group and
then you want to go down here to the
these settings and go to de farmer so
now you want to change the deformation
to objects as you can see now it's just
drop down quite a bit so you want to go
to parameter and these three here that
are all 50 you want to come back to zero
and girls bats why it originally was
next you want to click this box it's
next to the word scale over there click
that and you'll bring up three settings
and now if you move those around it
starts smashing a bit as you can see so
the settings i usually use our minus
point eight point one minus point to and
it gives you like this the smashed
effect but not like down and just bit
smashed it smash it all so that you have
like equal amounts of cracked text
everywhere right so next
once it's rendered out I'll show you it
rendered I've can't be bothered I have a
group here with a random effects are in
endure when I drop this group under the
random of that sir and then go to random
effector effects and change the strength
all right now I've got a drug everything
I think yep when you drag everything out
with the extrude NURBS laws in the group
so this stuff was all in the group
before so you just drag everything from
inside out next to the random of that
sir and it gives you this amazing effect
now if you go to the top random effects
you got strength and you can move that
around and you'll give some nice ripples
and stuff so if you want a tutorial on
the ripples just say so the description
might do a tutorial on the ripples as
well because it really blended with the
frowsy looks really nice and gives off a
really nice effect which once you put
your color correction it on photoshop it
can look really good so next to your
render settings you probably going to
want to put the outputs 1920 x 1080 but
i use these resolution 72 current frame
and then go to save but where your your
desktop is so i put mine in our text and
then make sure the formats on PNG and
that alpha channel is selected because
that i'll let it as an eligible layer in
photoshop instead of like but the
background so you have to remove in
everything it'll just make it one piece
the text so that you can just drag it on
t work aunty releasing your best to x 24
x for like I've got there and I think I
sit really so if you've enjoyed this
tutorial please can you leave a like in
a comment
and also please leave some future
tutorial ideas in the comments and I'll
get back to them and I will answer every
single one because I don't really like
it when people don't have stand out to
you stuff and it other designers they
don't show people how they do the work
and how they made their effects and its
bits not fair if you ask me because why
would you show people what you can do if
you don't want to share it with them so
yeah this has been granite please like
comment subscribe like I've already said